README.md, before:

# Team7Repo
# FeedbackLoop
FeedbackLoop is a progressive web application that enables feedback communication between professors and students in order to enhance the learning experience in the classroom 

FeedbackLoop will include specified features for each of the 3 different types of users : Admin, Instructor, and Student

**Admin User**
``` 
Manage all profiles (Instructor and Student)
Manage instructor feedback
Initiate a feedback session
Receive feedback from sessions conducted
View rankings of professors sorted from highest to lowest
``` 

**Instructor User**
```
Create a profile with the following features: most preferred learning style and overall student recommendations 
Create different classes/sections
Initiate feedback sessions for students (optional - students can be anonymous or non-anonymous)
Receive feedback on activities conducted in a class session
Can view student user profiles to understand their learning style preferences
```
**Student User**
```
Create profile of preferred learning styles (select from the 4 learning styles in a ranking)
Give feedback on activities conducted in a class session
View instructor profiles and ratings
Add ratings to instructors’ pages
Add recommendations on professor profiles (textual feedback)
View and interact with all classes/schedule for the semester
```

Commit message:

feat: added gulp for sass compiling

README.md, after:

# Team7Repo
# FeedbackLoop
FeedbackLoop is a progressive web application that enables feedback communication between professors and students in order to enhance the learning experience in the classroom 

FeedbackLoop will include specified features for each of the 3 different types of users : Admin, Instructor, and Student

**Development Requirements**
Install gulp and node_modules by running these commands from the git repo root directory:
```
npm i -g gulp-cli
npm i
```

**Admin User**
``` 
Manage all profiles (Instructor and Student)
Manage instructor feedback
Initiate a feedback session
Receive feedback from sessions conducted
View rankings of professors sorted from highest to lowest
``` 

**Instructor User**
```
Create a profile with the following features: most preferred learning style and overall student recommendations 
Create different classes/sections
Initiate feedback sessions for students (optional - students can be anonymous or non-anonymous)
Receive feedback on activities conducted in a class session
Can view student user profiles to understand their learning style preferences
```
**Student User**
```
Create profile of preferred learning styles (select from the 4 learning styles in a ranking)
Give feedback on activities conducted in a class session
View instructor profiles and ratings
Add ratings to instructors’ pages
Add recommendations on professor profiles (textual feedback)
View and interact with all classes/schedule for the semester
```
